[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: And then, once that
security group MumboJumbo was configured,
then at that point, we pretty much had
everything we needed to actually deploy
the application, so we had to complete
the configuration of our software.
So if we go back to our actual
Elastic Beanstalk application and
configuration, we changed
our software configuration.
We changed the version of Node that we
were running on our instances to 622.
We created a virtual directory for
our static assets.
So the NGINX proxy server
on each of our instances
will serve static assets
rather than Node doing it.
The express static server is
much slower than NGINX would be.
So we can figure that directory, so
engine X will serve up our JavaScript and
CSS, and images and what have you.
And then,
we created three environment properties.
We set the NODE_ ENV to production.
We set the NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION
value to true,
so that when Elastic Beanstalk does
an NPM install on our application
it only installs the dependencies
that are necessary for production.
And then we also created a Postgres
connection URL,
which we are here storing as
a as a system environment variable
that we created through the interface.
But an alternate way that you
could do that is to store
this connection string somewhere else
outside of the administrative interface.
You could store it in S3 bucket or
something of that nature.
Because this database can't accept
connections from the public Internet,
it's like not the end of
the world necessarily.
But the proper way to do this with any
secret value like this would be to
have it outside of
the administrative interface.
For our purposes, it's a decent solution.
So after that was configured,
>> Speaker 1: Bruce asked
does anyone know what
the needed environment
properties are for
the to do MVC config screen?
That would be these three.
The environment variables that you need
in production are the Node_ENV set to
production, the NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION
flag set to true,
and then a RDS_CONNECTION_URL,
which is the database connection string
for the actual post res database.
And that URL string,
the URL string for RDS,
comes from the configuration for
the RDS instance that we created.
So if we go to our instances over here,
>> Speaker 1: Here's
the one that we created.
>> Speaker 1: If we inspect its
properties, we can see it's what's
labeled as the a Writer Endpoint
over here and
that is essentially the internal
address of that particular database.
And when we created the database, we
created a user which we called AWS user.
So we included those
credentials in the form
that Postgres://username:password@
this URL :5432 a this URL port 5432/ToDos,
which is the name of the database
that we need it to connect to.
So that is the full genesis of
that RDS connection string.
>> Speaker 2: So if you create an instance
like that and you're in development and
you just let it sit for a while,
does it just go away for a month or
something of inactivity or
does it stay there forever?
>> Speaker 1: It'll stay there forever.
So the default configuration is that you
can only ever have one instance running.
So we can take a look at that.
>> Speaker 1: So
that is actually a scaling configuration.
So if we go in here for
Scaling,
>> Speaker 1: We
have the minimum instance count of one and
then we also have a maximum
of four configured right now.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah I know,
I'm too excited.
I can't sit down with this
much raw AWS action going on.
>> Speaker 1: So yeah,
lots of yak shaving at the beginning.
When you get past that,
>> Speaker 1: As I said,
we're really in the situation
of building your application,
zipping it up, and
deploying it with eb deploy.
There's different options you can do.
You can deploy applications
to different environments.
There's lots of flexibility that
you have with the platform.
But in terms of the workflow, it
improves significantly from here on out.
>> Speaker 1: So was that helpful
to go through one more time?
Okay.
>> Speaker 1: So yeah, there we have it.
I think I have successfully made sure that
like 50% of you will run screaming for
tomorrow with dropping this
AWS bomb on you today.
But tomorrow, now that we have
this bad boy up in production,
we're gonna be focusing mostly on
more of the application stack.
We'll be looking at
the front end tool chain.
We'll be learning a little
bit about Vue JS and
how we implement a rich
front end with view.
We'll be adding some features.
We might have successfully got our
back end application working to
set that completed flag, but
we still have to do some work in
the user interface to make that happen.
So we'll be doing some
work with Vue JS tomorrow.
Well to be talking a little bit about
monitoring production environment.
We'll add some modest real time features,
a socket IO, to our to do application,
so we can see how that plays out in
our production environment as well.
Nothing too crazy, but we will be
adding a little bit of real time spice
and we'll be looking at how
to implement web analytics.
Because we're using Node and
Browserify, we have kind of a nice way
to implement Google Analytics on
our in our application, both for
custom event tracking and for
basic stuff like page views.
So we'll implement universal
analytics in the front end as well.
So yeah, I think this is
definitely the hardest part.
So if you wanna keep banging on it,
we definitely still have some time and
I'm happy to go through any of
those steps again for anybody.
Question if there is
going to be a merge for
the exercise three solution and
there definitely will be.
I'll push out my local changes for
the database
piece in the migration.
We have a question if we can work along
with our local environment tomorrow.
You absolutely can.
You don't have to use
the production environment,
if you if you don't want to tomorrow.
You can just use your local
development environment.
>> Speaker 2: All right, with that, I
think I'm gonna un-mic, but I will stay on
the chat and stay in the room for
anybody that wants to keep on trucking.
If you have questions on the deployment
stuff or any of the Node stuff that we
covered today, I'd be happy to answer
any questions that you have or
talk about specific scenarios
that you're interested in.
I know that was a lot.
I hope it was helpful.
Once you kind of get through all this
stuff, as we'll actually see tomorrow,
this environment can actually take
a decent beating, much more than you would
think out of compute
resources of this size.
So will beat up on it a little bit
tomorrow and see how that works as well.